Gosh, I suddenly have a headache.
You know what? You should just come to my house.
- What? - My brother...
won't be able to take his word back anymore.
So you should come to my house...
and give his letter of resignation back...
right in front of my sister-in-law.
Then my brother won't be able to refuse.
I get what you mean. I think I can do that. Okay.
And...
if I go over to your house,
are you going to show me your room?
No, I can't show you my room. It's too dirty.
You already saw my room. Why can't I see yours?
To be honest, I...
You're a fast learner.
I'm going to kill you if you kiss.
You video called me because you knew I took my makeup off, didn't you?
No. I just wanted to see your face while we talked.
It hasn't even been that long since we said goodbye.
Why did you bring me here?
Someone told me that this place is really popular.
What?
Let's have fun.
We need to have fun in order to come up with new ideas.
Okay, then.
But it's no fun to play games without any conditions.
- Then what do you suggest? - Let's make a bet.
The winner has to pay for the movie.
Not the loser?
It'll be too harsh to make the loser pay.
The winner can pay for the sake of winning.
Okay. The one who wins 2 games out of 3 wins. Where should we start?
Let's start with that.
Okay.
I'll make sure I win so that I can pay for the movie.
Let's go.
You were so close.
My gosh.
You're so cute.
This is too much for me.
Everyone else but me is dating.
This is sad.
Even the sauce container is in a pair. How annoying.
Eddie?
Jane?
When did you come to Korea? No, that's not right.
When did you come to Korea?
I mean, how come you are in Korea?
I'm just here for a business trip for, like, a couple of months.
Business trip?
Dear all holy beings, thank you.
What did you just say?
No, it's nothing.
Anyway, it's great to see you again, Eddie.
Are you here with someone or do you want to come with us?
Absolutely.
Let's go. Let's go, Jane.
Cheers.
- Oh, my gosh. - Are you serious?
Oh. Yes.
One more time.
There are still a lot of people.
Watching people is fun too.
This feels nice.
I like it too.
I think...
we spent too long in the laboratory.
We develop robots that communicate with humans,
but we ourselves...
didn't have much contact with the outside world.
We were all too busy with research.
Let's do this more often.
Sure.
What do you think is around that corner?
Let's go and find out.
Sure, let's.
You put on a terrific scheme.
Did you enjoy coaxing the naive kids?
Yoo Cheol...
will soon be reinstated as CEO.
Both Yoo Cheol and Ri El...
will live their own lives.
We will run KM Financial in a way that is very different from before.
You arrogant fool.
You and my dad...
parted ways as enemies.
Yoo Cheol and I are different.
We will not repeat what...
went wrong in the past.
Everything is over at last.
How do you feel? Relieved?
I don't feel as relieved...
or excited as I thought I would.
I just think...
I'm realizing that what happened...
in the past no longer hurts me.
That's a huge deal. You're healing.
Though we'll never know when you'll get hurt again.
Now, I think I can befriend that too.
Yes.
If you comfort yourself along the way so that...
you're less hurt and less sad, time will pass.
Doctor, I think I need to hang up.
I'm getting an urgent call.
Is it Ji A?
You're hurting me now, you know.
Doctor Oh.
I'll call you right back. Bye.
Hi, it's me.
My brother's at home right now. So is Hong Joo.
Oh, really? Okay, then.
I'm wearing a suit right now.
I'm not even wearing a tie.
That's perfect.
Is it? Okay, then.
Hey, what does your niece like?
A drought warning was raised again today.
It covers Seoul, most parts of the southern region and...
Why did you go and do what you did?
Sorry, Dong Hyun.
If you plan to go hiking...
I'm on your side, whatever anyone else says.
Today, most of Korea will be sunny.
Tomorrow as well, we'll have...
- Sir. - Nice to... No.
How are you?
Why are you here?
Oh, Ji A?
- Ji A. - No, I...
I'm here to see you.
It's Kim Min Kyu.
Hi, Jo Dong Hyun.
How do you know my daughter?
That's...
- A secret. - A secret?
A secret.
Do you like stewed chicken?
Yes.
Have some with us.
Okay.
She was cute.
She was just like how she is now.
I wanted to meet you.
What?
Did your allergy go away?
Yes, it did.
The person you said you liked a lot...
was my aunt, right?
Yes, it was.
But that's our secret.
I wasn't sure what to buy, so...
You didn't have to get me anything.
Wow, this is so pretty.
- Thank you. - Sure.
This is so cute.
It's lovely.
It looks like they're on a blind date.
It does.
Mr. Kim.
Yes?
Why are you here?
Well...
I...
I don't think I can live without Mr. Jo.
What?
Mr. Jo.
I like you.
A lot.
To me, you are...
a colleague and mentor I want to keep close forever.
Dad, you're so cool.
Yes, he's amazing.
Therefore,
I cannot accept your resignation.
I'd like you to tear it up yourself.
I have a condition.
Sure, what is it?
For as long as you date my sister,
let's keep work apart from our private lives.
I agree.
At work, you're my superior,
but once we leave work, can I...
treat you like my sister's boyfriend?
Yes, please do that.
Okay, Min Kyu.
Okay, then, Jin Bae.
There's really nothing to see in here.
(Scissors that help you cut in a straight line.)
(Portable bottom seat)
[VIU Ver] E32 I'm Not a Robot "Final Episode"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What should I do?
Why?
I like you even more.
- I have all this. - What?
Everything you made is in my yellow cabinet at home.
That's a lie.
Come and see for yourself.
The cleaning thing too?
Yes.
No way.
You were the 1 out of 5 people?
Where did you get them? I barely sold any.
Kiss me and I'll tell.
Auntie.
Mom's acting strange.
Wait, do you need anything?
- No. - My wallet.
Mom, are you okay?
- Yes. - She's okay.
Ask Auntie to dress you.
Hurry, we need a car.
Call a taxi.
I'll drive you.
Okay, your car, then.
Dong Hyun, come on outside.
Take your time.
It's okay, Hong Joo.
It'll be okay.
This is our second child.
Don't get too tense.
It's okay.
Dad, look at me. I grew up pretty well.
You did.
Hold your mom's hand.
Take a deep breath.
(Labor Ward)
Hong Joo's fine.
The baby's healthy.
My daughter...
is beautiful.
Like a princess.
- You're a big sister now. - Yes.
She looks so pretty.
Like an angel, right?
That's your sister, Dong Hyun.
Welcome. It's your first day in the world.
(2 years later)
We wish to...
make connections to something...
and wish to touch something.
That's because of the instinct...
that was hardwired into our DNA.
The Santa Maria Team...
focused on that instinct...
while developing our new robot with AI.
If there were a robot that could communicate on an emotional level,
how would our lives change?
To a person...
who is physically and emotionally drained,
what would it mean to have a robot that comforts them...
with emotions that were programmed into it?
I can tell you with confidence that...
that would make us more human.
The something that flows from human to human.
If we could unravel the secret behind emotional connections,
I was confident we could create a revolutionary AI robot.
And finally,
the Santa Maria Team succeeded in solving part of that secret.
We named the robot...
after Daeyang Shipbuilding's late Chairman Park Sung Jin.
Ladies and gentlemen.
Let me introduce the robot that will rewrite the history of androids.
Hello.
(To Sokcho)
(Managing Director Jo Jin Bae)
I'll leave right now.
Shall we proceed it like this?
Yes. Do more research over the weekend...
and we'll meet again on Monday morning.
- Okay. - Great.
I have to go.
- Let's go. - Okay.
We won't be late, will we?
I think we'll be on time.
- The diapers... - Honey.
Oh, dear.
I woke her up.
You just woke up?
- Oh, dear. - Pack the rest.
We're running late, let's hurry.
Honey, I'm nearly there, I see the building right now.
See you soon.
People can choose their own designs.
Would you be able to provide engraving service as well?
Sure.
The color. Can that also be an option?
I haven't thought about it yet, but that could also be possible.
Okay, so you can send us the samples by the end of the month...
and the rest in two weeks, right?
Yes, no problem.
And we might be able to give a demonstration...
before the shipping arrives...
and maybe ensure a few distribution channels?
That would be wonderful.
Oh, how about using social media to release it to the public?
Since its function is based on networking,
I think it could appeal to a lot of the social media users.
Sure, that's a good idea.
I really...
missed you.
Congratulations on your discharge. Well done.
The day actually came.
Aren't you hungry?
I'm starving.
Let's go. Everyone's waiting for you.
- I had so much to tell you. - Like what?
I signed a contract with an overseas buyer.
I'm so happy!
I also have this new idea that I recently thought of.
It's about...
This is...
when we kiss.
(Thank you for watching I'm Not a Robot.)